[Music]
well unfortunately North America's
all-star run has finished after Bjork
since lost in the 1v1 I'm here right now
at the na LCS to do with coverage
presented by HTC eSports to talk to him
all about that and more
bjergsen what went wrong in those final
moments of the third game it gets doozy
I think the third game was pretty much
lost at like minute - I definitely
underestimated the kalisto pick and
csing on this map under Tower is pretty
much impossible because they changed
just the damage numbers certain minions
Ori oh the minion HP and it's just
really really hard to see us on tower so
I think I just underestimated the
kalisto pick and I thought I knew he's
gonna pick it I thought Rhys would beat
it in summoners rift Rhys was really
willing as closely you can kind of lock
her down stop her from jumping but not
the only one man I got wreck and then
eventually a you know I just have to try
to fight him under Tower because I was
gonna lose by CS the sense I got was
that you and Ozzy at least the way
everybody just kind of hyping it up for
the two that we're trying the hardest at
the 1v1 is that a fair statement you
think it's easy to say you're not trying
if you lose in round one you know but I
didn't try as hard initially I didn't
play that many womb' ones I kind of went
into the earlier stages unprepared but
then when I made it to the semi-final I
thought I might as well actually prepare
and try now that I made it this far what
about that first game because it seemed
like you were so far ahead and then you
had like pots and all the stuff and then
he just kind of went all-in right I
think he kind of lured me into a false
sense of security and I was like yeah
I'm wrecking this guy this is going so
well this is this is easy man this is
Uzi and then he got lifesteal he just
turned it on me I think he knew exactly
one he could potentially win exactly
like the level and the power spike and I
just got rekt all right let's go back to
North America's run here because a lot
of people have been critical of the team
just kind of weird based on the event
but what do you think about North
America's run not ideal I mean I think
when when Kevin said another interview
that we didn't practice a lot he didn't
really mean as a 5 year 5 squad he just
went individually I know hon sir and I
didn't play that was so lucky going into
this event
we've been spending time with loved ones
and family my family recently visited LA
and that kind of took priority because I
wanted to spend my holidays doing
holiday things not practicing two weeks
up to this event and I know that that
that means it's a little bit
disappointing for people to hear
obviously that me perhaps in practice as
hard as we could have but even with the
level that we were at or the practice we
had or whatever it's not like we didn't
play at all and I think that we should
still have beat the Southeast Asian team
it seemed like this tournament kind of
came down to the easiest comps wins
because you don't have a lot of team
works it's hard to execute on strategies
and snowball and it seemed like they
just picked the easiest calm possible
and beat us with that all right
Barristan you are probably the last
person or last pro player when an
interview at this event and so I'm ready
for you to give me the completely honest
transparent from the heart thought on
all-star 2017 this event how riot has
changed it it happened here at the na
LCS studio I'm sure you have nothing but
good things to say no I am legitimately
curious about as the trashcan goes by
and picks up on the mic I'm very curious
about your take on the event I think it
was an enjoyable experience but it could
be made much better personally I feel
like it's kind of in a gray area right
now where it's kind of a trauma or
tournament but there's also no prize
pool or real incentive for you to try
hard and actually practice it makes
sense if Brian wants to do this 5 B 5 I
think they should you know having an
awesome location the NA LCS studio I've
been here a billion times last year was
in Barcelona that was an awesome
experience right took us out for a real
like Spanish dinner and I just had a
really good experience whereas I feel
like this is kind of boring for the
players it's boring for the fans and
like I said I think either they should
make it real incentive to play and try
hard for five five tournament a prize
pool no one wants to take two weeks out
of the holiday to practice tough for
this event if all you're playing for is
honor and this event is going to be
forgotten in a few weeks or you can keep
it a fun tournament that the pros don't
need to practice a lot for you can come
in and have fun they can even make it
even more fun than they did last year
and I talked to a Zale and he said in
some of the game modes like tandem
or one for all instead of you know some
people trying hard some people playing
stuff like twitch in the Tanner mode you
just pick for the enemy team and that
makes it no one can char hard you know
you pick champions that are bad for the
entertainment of the fans and I feel
like variety it's just I would prefer to
play in a big venue I think everyone
does the fans prefer it and either you
just go all-out fun tournament or
all-out try hard and make it with a
price pool because this is I mean I
don't I haven't heard many pros speaking
positively about the changes to this
event do you think even if they don't
add the price pool if they just like
let's see this event was in Hawaii you
know would that be fun for you I mean it
would be fun for me but you know so a
place like that if it just was more of
almost like a mini-vacation event yeah
but then they would still have to make
it kind of fun tournament because if
it's this format and people are going to
Hawaii they're gonna be spending their
time free most likely practicing and
screaming because it is a tournament
it's a tournament that the fans care
about they take it very seriously
because it is kind of portrayed as a
try-hard and competitive tournament so
no matter where the location is if this
is the format there are gonna be teams
that try really hard very good well I
don't want to end on a sour note so is
there anything can you talk a little bit
about what you did enjoy about the event
or any of the fun experiences I mean I
assume that more than other
international events you actually have a
chance to maybe see some of the other
guys that are here from other teams or
anything like that heard you talking in
the 1v ones in the comm some of the guys
so any any fun moments for you getting
interview by Travis gafford's is always
awesome I wouldn't have been interviewed
if I wasn't here at All Stars and the
one me ones are still really fun even
though it's try hard it's different and
I think it's really enjoyable to to
practice for and even play I think just
spending time with the the guys that I
was loaded in with playing with Mike for
the first time meeting song playing with
sneaky and afro those are obviously
really funny guys and good at the game
so I think those are really my
highlights the one me one Travis again
after an interview and just getting to
meet and hang out with sneaky and Afra
you know if you really like this
interview so much we could just do one
of these after every game that you play
in the spring season and then the fan
would love that right because they love
getting access to you so I mean should
we just commit to that right here right
now
no comment you can check out the rest of
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel